c
i. 
1. I prefer using key collison method over nearest neighbour because:
	1. Key collison is significantly faster than nearest neigbour(4 seconds vs ~8 minutes)
	2. Key collison is more efficient in clustering. For the given dataset, on the event column nearest neighbour breaks data into 180 		clusters and key collison breaks data into 60 clusters.

2.
Fingerprint function breaks a sentence into set of words and groups inputs with same set of words. n-gram fingerprint method breaks a sentence into set of n size character sets and groups inputs with same set of n-grams. Fingerprint function may not cluster words with spelling mistakes or missing charecters or typos like {DINNNER,DINNER} and {Dinner Dance,Dinner-Dance} because the word sets differ. And ngram finger print failed in clustering {'Lunch or dinner', 'dinner or lunch'}, {'lincoln's birthday dinner', 'dinner,lincoln's birthday'} because the character sets vary between both the inputs.


c
iii.
Nominal Data- Venue
Ordinal Data- Status
Venue is nominal data because categoring a venue into commercial, public, private etc. is nothing but naming or labelling the data without any measure. 
Status is ordinal data because the values of status in the data "under review","complete","in progress" are the quantitaive ordering terms.


c
v.
Transpose cells across columns into rows- reshaping data can be done using transpose function.
By transposing a column, the way data is defined in the csv or the table format can be changed. Every other column can be read as a dependency on the transposed column. It can help in interpreting data in particular to a row. For example
	
Table 1:

User	Store		Apples	Oranges	Mangoes
 U1	Publix		10	6	5
 U2	Target		15	3	8
 U3	Walmart		6	4	6

Table 2(after transposing over the fruits bought column):

User 	Store		Fruit		Number
U1	Publix		Apples		10
U1 	Publix		Oranges		6
U1	Publix		Mangoes		5
U2	Target		Apples		15
U2	Target		Oranges		3
U2	Target		Mangoes		8
U3	Walmart		Apples		6
U3	Walmart		Oranges		4
U3	Walmart		Mangoes		6

For a complex data-set shaping data in the above format might help in analysis.
